thank you for watching at home and thank
you for your
mandatory applause uh give me a minute
to soak it in huh thank you
boy i have to admit i'm tired at 3 30
this morning our son billy
who turned four yesterday scampered into
our room he scampers
and um he wakes us up says to my wife
mom can you act theory if tarantulas
bite
this is three hours before the sun comes
up he wants to know tarantula's bite
so we put him back in bed and the whole
thing and then i start wondering i'm
laying there trying to get back to sleep
like do tarantulas biting and
or do they sting do you know guillermo i
think they buy
well my only reference was this uh
spider-man
comic i remember from when i was a kid
one of the villains he used to fight was
the tarantula he was from south america
he had spikes on his feet so i thought
well maybe
he stings and then i had to get out my
phone and look it up tarantulas do bite
they do not sting
anyway point is we need to start locking
the bedroom door
today by the way was take your daughters
and sons to work day
also known as give your kids a juice box
and an ipad so i can finish my damn zoom
meeting day
this day usually is a great opportunity
for children to learn why mommy and
daddy are so sad all the time but
because the pandemic lots of parents
aren't going into work they're working
remotely
and to honor their struggle tonight we
put together a little montage of moms
and dads
trying to work from home david cameron
was talking about oh i'm
really sorry that's my son arriving
sorry i'm really embarrassed
hold on one second sorry so we're
waiting for that storm to arrive here in
southern california
it looks like there's a baby run to the
supreme court as they've indicated
clearly that's failed they've refused to
intervene
and ultimately now those ballots are
going to be counted so starting just
quickly by breathing in
doctors are weighing into the
conversation now with advice they think
is important
those hands up this time plug them up
and in
yay we've got fruit snacks negated
the five other counties
[Music]
leo leo hi leo
that's your son leo okay girls
how about you go right over there and
let's watch daddy do his stuff okay
oh you want to stay okay no no please no
no crying no crying hey can you say it's
gonna be sunny today
no it's gonna be hot okay good work
all of them are things that we know
could happen because they have happened
before
we have seen electors all right come
over this way sweetheart
66 was our high temperature no no no no
you got to be quiet with daddy's talking
okay okay
well in other words get your shots and
your
vasectomy speaking of little surprises
on zoom this is video of some kind of a
government official
in azerbaijan who's on a group video
call
and did not know it
is
i think we just found the next governor
of new york it's
oops today as you um
may be aware is earth day earth day
started back in the 70s
with very lofty goals and it's kind of
turned into guys please just for one day
try not to like garbage
on uh or near a panda bear okay
humans celebrating earth day is like
fleas celebrating dog day
it's a there's actually something to
celebrate today though president biden
and i'm still not tired of saying that
announce that the united states will cut
our carbon emissions in half by the year
2030 which is huge because the science
is absolutely clear that it's necessary
to avoid a worldwide catastrophe
no one should be against this so
naturally almost every republican
is against this other countries are
cautiously optimistic now they're like
okay but last year weren't you the guys
saying climate change wasn't real
which america are we talking to we're
like dr jekyll and mr hyde your head in
the sand but
earth really is an incredible place
there are so many amazing things from
earth i mean
we have oceans and mountains and shaving
cream
and pine cones and the iphone
we got monkeys we've got chocolate
covered raisins
uh ryan gosling we've got ryan reynolds
we got the aurora borealis
pens are good property brothers
magic johnson tennis rackets yoga pants
poodles tacos yarn marshmallows
and mr t i mean that is a diverse
portfolio of things
that we should be grateful for the earth
is also home to the burning man festival
you know that one where the people go to
do weird stuff in the desert well
it was canceled last year due to coven
but they're hoping to bring it back in
august
with one potential caveat you may have
to show proof you got the vaccine
to enter and of course that has resulted
in backlash from
prospective attendees some of them are
angry they're complaining so the ceo of
burning man
issued a statement saying there are
plenty of people that are challenging
whether it is necessary
we hear you yeah we hear you but what
we're hearing is dumb
i mean why is anyone treating this like
it's a valid position to take it might
as well be i know there are those of you
who don't believe in cooking so we will
be offering
raw chicken to some of the attendees
they don't want to be forced to put
drugs in their bodies they just want to
show up
and put drugs in their body sunday
thank you everybody i appreciate it
sunday in case you don't know is oscar
night here on abc a lot of people don't
know but
now you do know the oscars is the night
on which the film industry
honors all the great movies everyone
watched on tv this year
the ceremony will be held at union
station which is our train station
downtown and the governor's ball will be
held in a
shipping container in reseda guillermo
you will be on the red carpet
that's right you just got tested for
covid yes i do not have it
nothing i'm very good maybe instead of
shots at tequila you give out shots of
moderna this year huh
that's a great idea yes well we have a
tradition
on oscar week here at our show we go out
in the street the week before the
academy awards to ask people
what they thought of the show even
though the show hasn't
happened yet and we've done it again
with a new batch of fake newsers in a
brand new
oscar edition of eyewitness news
[Music]
we're talking to people about the big
oscars last night did you think they
were able to pull off the show and the
pandemic
honestly i i think they did the best
that they could with what they had and
the resources that were allocated
i mean there's only so much that you can
do with a pandemic happening
and like when in doubt the show must go
on right
where were you watching the oscars last
night um
on my computer with some of my friends
we did like a zoom thing and we were
like watching it together
did you guys have a little betting pool
to see who got the most
yeah how did you how did you do with
yours you know um
i you win some you lose some so yeah
uh but it was pretty good there were a
lot of
big upsets last night yeah there were
there were which is i mean
some are a surprise sometimes you know
you might see it coming like i might be
the dark horse of the night and so
nobody thought the salad sisters was
gonna win i mean
it happens you know were you surprised
that maury povich
won for his role telling anthony hopkins
that he was the father and the father
yes i grew up watching maury pulverge so
it was kind of
i thought it was kind of a little silly
i mean were you rooting for him
i was i was hoping that anthony hopkins
would win but it did surprise me that
maury pulverge won
of course the big moment last night
sonic the hedgehog getting up to accept
his best picture award
and calling for a moment of silence for
all the lives lost to covid
did that moment to you have the
emotional impact that sonic was going
for
not really because i think it's a bit
hard to get that same effect with a
cartoon and an animated picture
um i think the idea was there but i
think it it was difficult to come across
cynthia we're talking about the oscars
you were watching last night yes
glenn close got up during her acceptance
speech and thanked satan
what was your reaction when she did that
it's not a time
there wasn't a place for it people have
their own beliefs
and you know that it's what they feel
but this venue wasn't the place for that
not the place for satan not the place to
be speaking or thanking satan you know
i'm not gonna
i'm totally against satan i'm totally
against everything that he stands for oh
but like i said if people have their own
beliefs on whatever it may be
there's a time and a place for that for
the in their own personal areas
did you get emotional when sasha baron
cohen brought rudy giuliani out and
hugged him on stage
i think that sasha berenkov is
all over the place sometimes and to do
that that it did it did pull up the
heartstrings a little bit
which movie won best picture last night
i i'd long i think i logged off before
like i finished because i was so
extremely exhausted
all your friends stopped watching before
that too i think so yeah we all logged
off at the same time
makes sense yes how do you think jeffrey
epstein did as the host
um i think he did pretty good pretty
what we could uh with that
i think he did wonderful he tried to
bring everyone together he tried to
forget and act like we were not wearing
face masks
that we're not going through a pandemic
he did a good job what do you think of
this singing
not a big fan of a singing i'm more of
like like a michael jackson person and
stuff like that i'm not a big fan of him
you like michael jackson more than
jeffrey epstein
he's a king of pop yes i like the way he
um sings
was it nice just to get a sense of
normalcy back
absolutely even though it was a bit off
and a few things happened i think it was
great to have the community still come
together and
and be excited about sharing something
and it's great just to get people back
on the boulevard and lying about seeing
the oscars again isn't it absolutely
thank you all i appreciate your candor
i'm jimmy kimmel and i am not allowed to
eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now i'm
hungry